afsc_type5                  ptyt1                       ttyqb
auditpipe                   ptyt2                       ttyqc
auditsessions               ptyt3                       ttyqd
autofs                      ptyt4                       ttyqe
autofs_control              ptyt5                       ttyqf
autofs_homedirmounter       ptyt6                       ttyr0
autofs_notrigger            ptyt7                       ttyr1
autofs_nowait               ptyt8                       ttyr2
bpf0                        ptyt9                       ttyr3
bpf1                        ptyta                       ttyr4
bpf2                        ptytb                       ttyr5
bpf3                        ptytc                       ttyr6
console                     ptytd                       ttyr7
cu.Bluetooth-Incoming-Port  ptyte                       ttyr8
disk0                       ptytf                       ttyr9
disk0s1                     ptyu0                       ttyra
disk0s2                     ptyu1                       ttyrb
disk0s3                     ptyu2                       ttyrc
disk0s4                     ptyu3                       ttyrd
disk1                       ptyu4                       ttyre
disk1s1                     ptyu5                       ttyrf
disk1s2                     ptyu6                       ttys0
disk1s3                     ptyu7                       ttys000
disk1s4                     ptyu8                       ttys001
disk2                       ptyu9                       ttys1
dtrace                      ptyua                       ttys2
dtracehelper                ptyub                       ttys3
fbt                         ptyuc                       ttys4
fd                          ptyud                       ttys5
fsevents                    ptyue                       ttys6
io8log                      ptyuf                       ttys7
io8logmt                    ptyv0                       ttys8
io8logtemp                  ptyv1                       ttys9
klog                        ptyv2                       ttysa
lockstat                    ptyv3                       ttysb
machtrace                   ptyv4                       ttysc
null                        ptyv5                       ttysd
oslog                       ptyv6                       ttyse
oslog_stream                ptyv7                       ttysf
pf                          ptyv8                       ttyt0
pfm                         ptyv9                       ttyt1
pmCPU                       ptyva                       ttyt2
profile                     ptyvb                       ttyt3
ptmx                        ptyvc                       ttyt4
ptyp0                       ptyvd                       ttyt5
ptyp1                       ptyve                       ttyt6
ptyp2                       ptyvf                       ttyt7
ptyp3                       ptyw0                       ttyt8
ptyp4                       ptyw1                       ttyt9
ptyp5                       ptyw2                       ttyta
ptyp6                       ptyw3                       ttytb
ptyp7                       ptyw4                       ttytc
ptyp8                       ptyw5                       ttytd
ptyp9                       ptyw6                       ttyte
ptypa                       ptyw7                       ttytf
ptypb                       ptyw8                       ttyu0
ptypc                       ptyw9                       ttyu1
ptypd                       ptywa                       ttyu2
ptype                       ptywb                       ttyu3
ptypf                       ptywc                       ttyu4
ptyq0                       ptywd                       ttyu5
ptyq1                       ptywe                       ttyu6
ptyq2                       ptywf                       ttyu7
ptyq3                       random                      ttyu8
ptyq4                       rdisk0                      ttyu9
ptyq5                       rdisk0s1                    ttyua
ptyq6                       rdisk0s2                    ttyub
ptyq7                       rdisk0s3                    ttyuc
ptyq8                       rdisk0s4                    ttyud
ptyq9                       rdisk1                      ttyue
ptyqa                       rdisk1s1                    ttyuf
ptyqb                       rdisk1s2                    ttyv0
ptyqc                       rdisk1s3                    ttyv1
ptyqd                       rdisk1s4                    ttyv2
ptyqe                       rdisk2                      ttyv3
ptyqf                       sdt                         ttyv4
ptyr0                       stderr                      ttyv5
ptyr1                       stdin                       ttyv6
ptyr2                       stdout                      ttyv7
ptyr3                       systrace                    ttyv8
ptyr4                       tty                         ttyv9
ptyr5                       tty.Bluetooth-Incoming-Port ttyva
ptyr6                       ttyp0                       ttyvb
ptyr7                       ttyp1                       ttyvc
ptyr8                       ttyp2                       ttyvd
ptyr9                       ttyp3                       ttyve
ptyra                       ttyp4                       ttyvf
ptyrb                       ttyp5                       ttyw0
ptyrc                       ttyp6                       ttyw1
ptyrd                       ttyp7                       ttyw2
ptyre                       ttyp8                       ttyw3
ptyrf                       ttyp9                       ttyw4
ptys0                       ttypa                       ttyw5
ptys1                       ttypb                       ttyw6
ptys2                       ttypc                       ttyw7
ptys3                       ttypd                       ttyw8
ptys4                       ttype                       ttyw9
ptys5                       ttypf                       ttywa
ptys6                       ttyq0                       ttywb
ptys7                       ttyq1                       ttywc
ptys8                       ttyq2                       ttywd
ptys9                       ttyq3                       ttywe
ptysa                       ttyq4                       ttywf
ptysb                       ttyq5                       urandom
ptysc                       ttyq6                       vboxdrv
ptysd                       ttyq7                       vboxdrvu
ptyse                       ttyq8                       vboxnetctl
ptysf                       ttyq9                       zero
ptyt0                       ttyqa
